[dv] Add cm_sec as an item in V2 checklist (#8482)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/project/checklist.md

Sub-modules that are pre-verified with their own testbenches have already reached V2 or a higher stage.

### SEC_CM_PLANNED

Security countermeasures are planned and documented.

> - Common countermeasure features (such as shadowed reg, hardened count etc) can be done by importing common testplan, tests and adding the bind file `cm_sec_bind`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Common countermeasure features (such as shadowed reg, hardened counter, etc) can be tested by importing common testplan, tests and adding the bind file `cm_sec_bind`.
```

The V3 checklist has been reviewed to understand the scope and estimate effort.

## V2S

### SEC_CM_VERIFIED

> Security countermeasures are verified.

Reviewer 2: We need to add TODO here - eventually we will describe our cm verif methodology in our overall methodology doc. This item should point to it.
